README.md, before:

# Mini-Document-Scanner

**Project Overview:**

This project is is a software and hardware implementation of a miniature sized document scanner.  Using a circuit board with sensors and a microcontroller, the functionality is an intuitive user friendly interface that automate the image capturing and the transmittion of the images via wifi to a server that hosts the main image stitching algorithm that produces the final result.

**Software Components:**

* The microcontrollers code is implemented in c in arduinoIDE, it initializes and controlles the sensores (Camera, Laser Distance, Gyroscope, Accelerometer, Antenna).
* The main stitching algorithm is implemented in python, it consists of a basic server that Recieves images corresponding to parts of the document and reconstructs them into a final result.

**Operation Guide:**

- Updating embedded code and uploading it to esp32:

  - Connect GPIO 0 to GND
  - In Arduino IDE press upload
  - Remove GPIO 0 from GND only once compilation and upload are done
  - Press reset on ESP32 board
- connecting esp32 to Wifi:

  - update the desired network name and password in the embedded code specified field. upon powering up, the esp32 will connect automatically.
- connecting laptop or PC to the same local network
- Typing 172.20.10.3 in browser to see captured images

**Authors:**

Hani Sabihi

Shadi Safadi

Commit message:

added Python to LAN connection + multiple image capturing

README.md, after:

# Mini-Document-Scanner

**Project Overview:**

This project is is a software and hardware implementation of a miniature sized document scanner.  Using a circuit board with sensors and a microcontroller, the functionality is an intuitive user friendly interface that automate the image capturing and the transmittion of the images via wifi to a server that hosts the main image stitching algorithm that produces the final result.

**Software Components:**

* The microcontrollers code is implemented in c in arduinoIDE, it initializes and controlles the sensores (Camera, Laser Distance, Gyroscope, Accelerometer, Antenna).
* The main stitching algorithm is implemented in python, it consists of a basic server that Recieves images corresponding to parts of the document and reconstructs them into a final result.

**Operation Guide:**

- Updating embedded code and uploading it to esp32:

  - Connect GPIO 0 to GND
  - In Arduino IDE press upload
  - Remove GPIO 0 from GND only once compilation and upload are done
  - Press reset on ESP32 board
- Connecting esp32 to Wifi:

  - update the desired network name and password in the embedded code specified field. upon powering up, the esp32 will connect automatically.
- Connecting laptop or PC to the same local network
- Typing 172.20.10.3 in browser to see captured images
- Running 1 of 2 python files to either test connection or capture 10 images

**Authors:**

Hani Sabihi

Shadi Safadi
